# canvaslib
A Python library for interacting with Canvas LMS via APIs

## Setup
After cloning this repo, run `python setup.py` and follow the instructions.  This will involve manually generating a Canvas authentication token.

When complete, your token will be saved to a file in your project directory.  Make sure you keep your token private!  A good start is to change permissions on your `token.json` file to `600`.

## Scripts
* `download_submission.py`</br>
Downloads a student's assignment submission from Canvas.</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ download_submission.py -h</code>

* `download_all_submissions.py`</br>
Downloads all students' submissions for a given assignment from Canvas.</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ download_all_submissions.py -h</code>

* `grade_submission.py`</br>
Grades a submission and records some key info (e.g. the grade), which can be uploaded to Canvas using another script.  This is essentially a wrapper for whatever autograder code you already have.  This script will invoke the autograder program that you specify.</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ grade_submission.py -h</code>

* `grade_all_submissions.py`</br>
Grades all submissions for a given assignment (by invoking `grade_submission.py` for each student's submission).</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ grade_all_submissions.py -h</code>

* `upload_result_comment.py`</br>
Uploads a comment to a student submission while attaching a designated file to the comment.  The idea is that the attached file would contain the autograder results generated by `grade_submission.py`.  Optionally, while uploading the comment, you can also update the grade for the submission.</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ upload_result_comment.py -h</code>

* `record_all_grades.py`</br>
Builds a .csv file which contains all the grades for a given assignment by reading the results of `grade_submission.py`.  Optionally, this script can also update the grades in Canvas.</br>
For more info:</br>
<code>$ record_all_grades.py -h</code>

## Appendix
### Other Canvas projects worth checking out
* https://github.com/hawesie/python-canvas-api
